BD-2489: Clarify limitations with event properties (#6274)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/android/push_max.md

## Things to know

### Promotion codes

We recommend that you don't use Braze [promotion codes]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/promotion_codes/) in messages where Push Max is turned on.

This is because promotion codes are unique. If a push notification that contains a promotion code fails to deliver, when that notification is resent due to Push Max, a new promotion code will be sent. This can result in you consuming promotion codes faster than expected.

> ### Event properties

Author: ```suggestion
### Canvas event properties and entry properties
```

> Push Max may not work as expected if you include references to event properties in your message. This is because event properties are immediately removed after the initial send, and they aren't saved for future message attempts. So, if the first message fails to send and Push Max tries again, those missing event properties will cause the resent message to fail.

Reviewer: I would qualify this with Canvas (it doesnt' apply to Campaigns at all) and specifically if Canvas entry and event properties are references via Liquid in the message.

Can we combine the last two sentences?  something like 'This is because the entry and event properties are not available when Push Max is retrying to send the message.'

Author: Updated! Also remembered we have some dedicated docs on Canvas event/entry properties so I linked to that.

> Push Max may not work as expected if you include references to event properties in your message. This is because event properties are immediately removed after the initial send, and they aren't saved for future message attempts. So, if the first message fails to send and Push Max tries again, those missing event properties will cause the resent message to fail.

Author: ```suggestion
Push Max may not work as expected if you include Liquid references to [Canvas entry properties or event properties]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/canvas_entry_properties_event_properties) in your message. This is because the entry and event properties are not available when Push Max is attempting to resend the message.
```
